"Look, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings."
"But I'm only going to get this one chance."
"Something's wrong, I can feel it."
Six minutes. Six Minutes. Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on!
"Just a feeling I've got. Like something is about to happen, but I don't know what. If that means what I think it means, we're in trouble, big trouble; and if he is as bananas as you say, I'm not taking any chances."
"You are just what the doc ordered."
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now, who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
They said I rap like a robot, so call me Rap-bot
But for me to rap like a computer it must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a livin' and a killin' off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinsky feelin' on his nutsack
I'm an MC still as honest
But as rude and as indecent as all hell
Syllables, skill-a-holic 
This flippity dippity-hippity hip-hop
You don't really wanna get into a pissin' match
With this rappity brat, packin' a MAC in the back of the Ac'
Backpack rap crap, yap-yap, yackety-yack
And at the exact same time I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicin' that
I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
Over the back of a couple of faggots, and crack it in half
Only realized it was ironic, I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow? All I do is drop F-bombs
Feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are havin' a rough time period, here's a maxi pad
It's actually disastrously bad for the wack
While I'm masterfully constructing this master piece
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now, who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard
Everybody want the key and the secret
To rap immortality like I have got
Well, to be truthful the blueprint's
Simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Hit the Earth like an asteroid
Did nothing but shoot for the Moon since 
MC's get taken to school with this music
'Cause I use it as a vehicle to "bust a rhyme"
Now I lead a new school full of students
Me? I'm a product of Rakim
Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N.W.A, Cube, hey Doc, Ren
Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
Inspired enough to one day grow up, blow up and be in a position
To meet Run–D.M.C. and induct them
Into the motherfuckin' Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Even though I'll walk in the church and burst in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame I'll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
On the wall of 
You fags think it's all a game, 'til I walk a flock of flames
Off a plank and, tell me what in the fuck are you thinkin'?
Little gay-looking boy
So gay I can barely say it with a straight face, looking boy
You're witnessing a massacre
Like you're watching a church gathering take place, looking boy
"Oy vey, that boy's gay!", that's all they say, looking boy
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
And a "way to go" from your label every day, looking boy
Hey, looking boy! What you say, looking boy?
I get a "hell yeah" from Dre, looking boy
I'ma work for everything I have, never ask nobody for shit
Get outta my face, looking boy!
Basically, boy, you're never gonna be capable
Of keeping up with the same pace, looking boy, 'cause—
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
The way I'm racing around the track, call me NASCAR, NASCAR
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Kneel before General Zod
This planet's Krypton – no, Asgard, Asgard
So you be Thor and I'll be Odin
You rodent, I'm omnipotent
Let off, then I'm reloadin'
Immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
And I should not be woken
I'm the walking dead, but I'm just a talking head, a zombie floatin'
But I got your mom deep-throatin'
I'm out my Ramen Noodle
We have nothin' in common, poodle
I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself in the arm and pay homage, pupil
It's me, my honesty's brutal
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize what I do though
For good at least once in a while
So I wanna make sure, somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle enough rhymes
To maybe try to help get some people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines
Just in case, 'cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground
But I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
So I crunch rhymes, but sometimes when you combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine
You get too big and here they come tryin'
To censor you, like that one line
I said on "I'm Back" from The Mathers LP 1 when I
Tried to say I'll take seven kids from Columbine
Put 'em all in a line, add an AK-47, a revolver and a 9
See if I get away with it now that I ain't as big as I was, but I'm
Morphin' into an immortal, comin' through the portal
You're stuck in a time warp from 2004 though
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
You're pointless as Rapunzel with fuckin' cornrows
You write normal? Fuck being normal!
And I just bought a new raygun from the future
Just to come and shoot ya, like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag at Mayweather's pad
Singin' to a man while they played piano
Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special on the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to the radio station
The very next day, "Hey Fab, I'ma kill you!"
Lyrics comin' at you at supersonic speed 
Uh, summa-lumma, dooma-lumma, you assumin' I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you? I'm superhuman
Innovative and I'm made of rubber, so that anything you say is ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you and
I'm devastating, more than ever demonstrating
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know the haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating
'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
I make elevating music, you make elevator music
"Oh, he's too mainstream."
Well, that's what they do when they get jealous, they confuse it
"It's not hip-hop, it's pop," because I found a hella way to fuse it
With rock, shock rap with Doc
Throw on "Lose Yourself" and make 'em lose it
"I don't know how to make songs like that
I don't know what words to use."
Let me know when it occurs to you
While I'm rippin' any one of these verses that versus you
It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you
How many verses I gotta murder to
Prove that if you were half as nice
Your songs you could sacrifice virgins to?
Ungh, school flunky, pill junkie
But look at the accolades these skills brung me
Full of myself, but still hungry
I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to
And I'm a million leagues above you
Ill when I speak in tongues, but it's still tongue-in-cheek, fuck you!
I'm drunk – so Satan, take the fuckin' wheel!
I'm asleep in the front seat
Bumpin' Heavy D and the Boyz, still "Chunky but Funky"
But in my head there's something I can feel tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils, and here's what they want from me
They're asking me to eliminate some of the women hate
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred
I have, then you may be a little patient
And more sympathetic to the situation
And understand the discrimination
But fuck it, life's handin' you lemons, make lemonade then!
But if I can't batter the women
How the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
Don't mistake him for Satan; it's a fatal mistake
If you think I need to be overseas and take a vacation
To trip a broad, and make her fall on her face and
Don't be a retard – be a king? Think not
Why be a king when you can be a god?
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy
I wanted the fame but not the cover of Newsweek
Oh well, guess beggars can't be choosey
Wanted to receive attention for my music
Wanted to be left alone in public, excuse me
For wantin' my cake, and eat it too, and wantin' it both ways
Fame made me a balloon ‘cause my ego inflated
When I blew, see, but it was confusing
‘Cause all I wanted to do's be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf
Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam
Ooh! Hit the lottery, ooh-wee!
But with what I gave up to get it was bittersweet
It was like winnin' a used mink
Ironic ‘cause I think I'm gettin' so huge I need a shrink
I'm beginnin' to lose sleep: one sheep, two sheep
Going coo-coo and kooky as Kool Keith
But I'm actually weirder than you think, ‘cause I'm—
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy
Well, that’s nothin'
Well, that’s nothin'
Now, I ain't much of a poet
But I know somebody once told me to seize the moment
And don't squander it
‘Cause you never know when it all could be over tomorrow
So I keep conjurin'
Sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from
Yeah, ponderin' will do you wonders
No wonder you're losing your mind, the way it wanders
Yodel-odel-ay-hee-hoo!
I think it went wanderin' off down yonder
And stumbled onto Jeff VanVonderen
‘Cause I need an interventionist
To intervene between me and this monster
And save me from myself and all this conflict
‘Cause the very thing that I love's killing me
And I can't conquer it
My OCD is conkin' me in the head, keep knockin'
Nobody's home, I'm sleepwalkin'
I'm just relayin' what the voice in my head's sayin'
Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the—
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy
Well, that’s nothin'
Well, that’s nothin'
Call me crazy, but I have this vision
One day that I'll walk amongst you a regular civilian
But until then, drums get killed and
I'm comin' straight at MC's, blood gets spilled and
I'll take it back to the days that I'd get on a Dre track
Give every kid who got played that pumped-up feelin'
And shit to say back to the kids who played him
I ain't here to save the fuckin' children
But if one kid out of a hundred million
Who are going through a struggle feels it
And relates, that's great, it's payback, Russell Wilson
Falling way back in the draft
Turn nothin' into somethin', still can
Make that, straw into gold chump, I will spin
Rumpelstiltskin in a haystack
Maybe I need a straight jacket, face facts
I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that
It's nothin', I'm still friends with the—
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy
Well, that’s nothin'
Well, that’s nothin'
Now this shit's about to kick off, this party looks wack
Let's take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch
I'm 'bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back
That's why my pen needs a pad, ‘cause my rhymes on the rag
Just like I did with addiction, I'm 'bout to kick it
Like a magician, critics I turn to crickets
Got 'em still on the fence whether to picket
But quick to get it impaled when I tell 'em "Stick it!"
So sick I'm looking pale, wait, that's my pigment
'Bout to go ham, ya bish, shout out to Kendrick
Let's bring it back to that vintage Slim, bitch!
The art of MCing mixed with da Vinci and MC Ren
And I don't mean Stimpy's friend, bitch
Been Public Enemy since you thought PE was gym, bitch
Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
 all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
 all night long
We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud
‘Cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So, baby, make just like K-Fed
And let yourself go, let yourself go
Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody, go berserk, grab your vial, yeah
Guess it's just the way that I'm dressed, ain't it?
Khakis pressed, Nike shoes crispy and fresh laced
So I guess it ain't that aftershave
Or cologne that made 'em just faint
Plus I showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint
So if love is a chess game, check mate
But girl, your body's bangin', jump me in, dang, bang-bang
Yes siree 'Bob', I was thinking the same thang
So come get on this Kid's rock, baw with da baw, dang-dang
Pow-p-p-p-pow, chica, pow, chica, wow-wow
Got your gal blowin' up a valve, valve-valve
Ain't slowin' down, throw in the towel, towel-towel
Dumb it down, I don't know how, huh-huh, how-how
At least I know that I don't know
Question is, are you bozos smart enough to feel stupid?
Hope so, now ho…
Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
 all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
 all night long
We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud
‘Cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So crank the bass up like crazy
And let yourself go, let yourself go
Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody, go berzerk, get your vinyls!
They say that love is powerful as cough syrup in styrofoam
All I know is I fell asleep and woke up in that Monte Carlo
With the ugly Kardashian, Lamar, oh
Sorry yo, we done both set the bar low
Far as hard drugs are though, that's the past
But I done did enough codeine to knock Future into tomorrow
And girl, I ain't got no money to borrow
But I am tryin' to find a way to get you alone: car note
Oh, Marshall Mathers
Shithead with a potty mouth, get the bar of soap lathered
Kangol's and Carheartless Cargos
Girl, you're fixin' to get your heart broke
Don't be absurd, ma'am, you birdbrain, baby
I ain't called anybody baby since Birdman, unless you're a swallow
Word, Rick, word man, you heard
But don't get discouraged, girl
This is your jam, unless you got toe jam
Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
 all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
 all night long
We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud
‘Cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So, baby, make just like K-Fed
And let yourself go, let yourself go
Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody, go berserk, grab your vial, yeah
Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted
In one moment, would you capture it or just let it slip?
Yo, his palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already: Mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's choking, how? Everybody's joking now
The clock's run out, time's up, over—blaow!
Snap back to reality, oh, there goes gravity, oh
There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad, but he won't
Give up that easy, no, he won't have it, he knows
His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter, he's dope
He knows that, but he's broke, he's so stagnant, he knows
When he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again, yo! This whole rhapsody
Better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…
His soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking, make me king
As we move toward a New World Order
A normal life is boring; but superstardom's
Close to post-mortem, it only grows harder
Homie grows hotter, he blows, it's all over
These hoes is all on him, coast-to-coast shows
He's known as the Globetrotter, lonely roads
God only knows, he's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose, ‘cause here goes the cold water
These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose-dove and sold nada, and so the soap opera
Is told, it unfolds, I suppose it's old, partner
But the beat goes on: da-da-dom, da-dom, dah-dah, dah-dah
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…
No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged
I was playing in the beginning, the mood all changed
I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher
Best believe somebody's paying the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my nine-to-
Five, and I can't provide the right type of
Life for my family ‘cause, man, these goddamn
Food stamps don't buy diapers, and there's no movie
There's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life
And these times are so hard, and it's getting even harder
Tryna feed and water my seed; plus, teeter-totter
Caught up between being a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama, screaming on her
Too much for me to wanna stay in one spot
Another day of monotony's gotten me to the point
I'm like a snail, I've got to formulate a plot
Or end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfuckin' option—failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go
I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot
So here I go, it's my shot, feet: fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…
You can do anything you set your mind to, man
It's like I'm in this dirt, digging up old hurt
Tried everything to get my mind off you, it won't work
All it takes is one song on the radio, you're
Right back on it, reminding me all over again
How you fucking just brushed me off and left me so burnt
Spent a lot of time tryin' to soul search
Maybe I needed to grow up a little first
Well, looks like I hit a growth spurt
But I'm coming for closure
Don't suppose an explanation I'm owed, for
The way that you turned your back on me
Just when I may have needed you most
Oh, you thought it was over? You could just close the
Chapter and go about your life like it was nothing?
You ruined mine, but you seem to be doin' fine
Well, I've never recovered
But tonight I bet you that what you're 'bout to go through's tougher than anything I ever have suffered
Can't think of a better way to define poetic justice
Can I hold grudges? Mind saying, "Let it go, fuck this."
Heart's saying: "I will, once I bury this bitch alive
Hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset."
I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through
Oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth, but it's easier to justify
What's bad is good and I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy
And to think I used to think you was the shit, bitch
To think it was you at one time I worshipped, shit
Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it?
Not this time, you better go and get the sewing kit, bitch!
Finish this stitch, so you can reap what you sew, nitwit
Thought some time would pass and I'd forget it? Forget it!
You left our family in shambles
And you expect me to just get over him, pretend he never existed?
May be gone, but he's not forgotten
And don't think ‘cause he's been out the pictures
So long that I've stopped the plottin' and still ain't comin' to get ya
You're wrong and that shit was rotten
And the way you played him, same shit you did to me; cold
Have you any idea the shit that I've gone through?
Feelings I harbor? All this pent-up resentment I hold on to?
Not once you call to ask me how I'm doin'
Letters, you don't respond to 'em
Fuck it, I'm coming to see you
And, gee, who better to talk to than you?
The cause of my problems
My life is garbage, and I'm 'bout to take it out on you
Poof, then I'm gone, voosh
I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through
Oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth, but it's easier to justify
What's bad is good and I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy
I've been drivin' around your side of this town
Like 9 frickin' hours and 45 minutes now
Finally I found your new address, park in your drive
Feel like I've been waiting on this moment all of my life
And it's now arrived, and my mouth is full of saliva
My knife is out and I'm ducking on the side of your house
See, it's sad it came to this point
Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment
To come and see ya, but I ain't here for your empathy
I don't need your apology or your friendship or sympathy
It's revenge that I seek
So I sneak vengefully, and treat your bedroom window
Like I reached my full potential: I peeked
Continue to peep, still bent low, then keep
Tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo, sneak
All the way 'round to the back porch
Man, door handles unlocked, shouldn't be that easy to do this
You don't plan for intruders beforehand?
Surprised to see me? Cat caught your tongue?
Gag, chloroform rag, gag, almost hack-up a lung
Like you picked an axe up and swung, stick to the core plan
Dragged to the back of a trunk by one of your fans
Irony's spectacular, huh? Now who's a faggot, you punk?
And here's your Bronco hat
You can have that shit back ‘cause they suck
It's just me, you and the music now, Slim, I hope you hear it
We're in the car right now – wait, here comes my favorite lyric
"I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die"
And hey, here's a sequel to my
Mathers LP just to try to get people to buy
How's this for a publicity stunt? This should be fun!
Last album now, ‘cause after this you'll be officially done
Eminem killed by M and M, Matthew Mitchell
Bitch, I even have your initials
I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it
Since you're in love with your city so much, I figured, what the fuck
The best place you could be buried alive is right here
Two more exits, time is quite near
Hope we don't get stopped, no license I fear
That sirens I hear? Guess 90 on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea, as cops appear in my driver's side mirror
Hope Foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot, at least
New plan, Stan!
Slim: "Chauvinist pig drove in this big Lincoln Town Car"
Well, gotta go, almost at the bridge
Ha ha, big bro, it's for you, Slim, this is for him
And Frank Ocean; oh, hope you can swim good
Now say you hate homos again!
I also represent
Anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend
I'm the nightmare you fell asleep and then woke up still in
I'm your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen
Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin
Nope, it's hopeless, I'm the denial that you're hopelessly in
When they say all of this is approachin' its end
But you refuse to believe that it's over, here we go all over again
Back's to the wall, I'm stacking up all them odds
Toilets clogged, yeah, ‘cause I'm talking a lot of
Shit but I'm backing it all up
But in my head there's a voice in the back and it hollers
After the track is demolished, I am your lack of a conscience
I'm the ringing in your ears
I'm the polyps on the back of your tonsils
Eatin' your vocal chords after your concerts
I'm your time that's almost up that you haven't acknowledged
Grab for some water
But I'm that pill that's too jagged to swallow
I'm the bullies you hate that you became
With every faggot you slaughtered
Coming back on you, every woman you insult
Batter, but the double-standards you have
When it comes to your daughters
I represent everything you take for granted
‘Cause Marshall Mathers, the rapper's persona
Is half a facade, and Matthew and Stan's just symbolic
Of you not knowing what you had 'til it's gone
‘Cause after all the glitz and the glam
No more fans that are calling your name
Cameras are off, sad, but it happens to all of them
I'm the hindsight to say, “I told you so!”
Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow
I'm the future that's here to show you what happens tomorrow
If you don't stop after they call ya
Biggest laughing stock of rap who can't call it quits
When it's time to walk away, I'm every guilt trip
The baggage you have, but as you gather up all your possessions
If there's anything you have left to say
'Less it makes an impact, then don't bother
So 'fore you rest your case
Better make sure you're packin' a wallop
So, one last time, I'm back
Before it fades into black and it's all over
Behold the final chapter in a saga
Tryin' to recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle
Twice, the magic that started
It all, tragic portrait of an artist
Tortured, trapped in his own drawings
Tap into thoughts blacker and darker
Than anything imaginable; here goes a wild stab in the dark
As we pick up where the last Mathers left off
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all
Wasn't ready to be no millionaire, I was ill-prepared
I was prepared to be ill though, the skill was there
From the beginning it wasn't 'bout the ends
It was 'bout bustin' raps
And standin' for somethin': fuckin' acronym
Cut the fuckin' act like you're happy, I'm fuckin' back again
With another anthem – why stop when it doesn't have to end?
It ain't over 'til I say it's over, enough when I say enough
Throw me to them wolves and close the gate up
I'm afraid of what will happen to them wolves
When the thought of being thrown
Into an alligator pit, I salivate at it, wait is up
Hands up like it's 12 noon
Nah, homie, hold them bitches straighter up
Wave 'em 'til you dislocate a rotator cuff
Came up rough, came to ruffle feathers
Nah, egos, I ain't deflate enough
Last chance to make this whole stadium erupt, ‘cause—
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all
I can see the finish line with each line that I finish
I'm so close to my goals, I can almost pole vault over the goal post
And if I don't got enough in the tank
Maybe I can just siphon enough
To fill up this last can, man, will I survive in this climate or what?
They said I was washed-up and got a bloodbath
I'm not a rapper, I'm an adapter: I can adjust
Plus, I can just walk up to a mic and just bust
So, floor's open if you'd like to discuss
Top 5 in this muh'fucka, and if I don't make the cut
What? Like I give a fuck!
But I light this bitch up like I'm driving a truck
Through the side of a pump, 0 to 60, hop in and gun it
Like G-Unit without the hyphen, I'm hyping 'em up
And if there should ever come a time where my life's in a rut
And I look like I might just give up, eh, might've mistook
Me for bowin' out, I ain't takin' a bow
I'm stabbin' myself with a fuckin' knife in the gut
While I'm wipin' my butt
‘Cause I just shitted on the mic and I like gettin' cut
I get excited at the sight of my blood
You're in a fight with a nut
‘Cause I'ma fight 'til I die or win, bitin' the dust
It'll just make me angrier; wait, let me remind you of what
Got me this far, picture me quittin'
Now draw a circle around it and put a line through it, slut!
It's survival of what?
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all
So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all
So, get your ideas, stack your ammo
But don't come unless you come to battle
Now mount up, jump in the saddle
This is it—it's what you eat, sleep, piss and shit
Live, breathe, your whole existence just consists of this
Refuse to quit, fuse is lit, can't defuse the wick
If I don't do this music shit, I'll lose my shit
Ain't got shit to lose, it's the moment of truth
It's all I know how to do: as soon as I get thrown in a booth, I spit
But my respect is overdue
I'm showin' you the flow no one do
‘Cause I don't own no diploma for school, I quit
So there's nothin' for me to fall back on, I know no other trade
So you better trade your fuckin' mics in for some tool-box-es
‘Cause you'll never take my pride from me
It'll have to be pried from me
So, pull out your pliers and your screwdrivers!
But I want you to doubt me, I don't want you to buh-lieve
‘Cause this is somethin' that I must use to succeed
And if you don't like me, then fuck you! Self-esteem
Must be fuckin' shootin' through the roof, ‘cause trust me
My skin is too thick and bulletproof to touch me
I can see why the fuck I disgust you, I must be
Allergic to failure, ‘cause everytime I come close to it
I just sneeze, but I just go at'chu then a-chieve!
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all
Mom, I know I let you down
And though you say the days are happy
Why is the power off and I'm fucked up?
And, Mom, I know he's not around
But don't you place the blame on me
As you pour yourself another drink, yeah
I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on
Maybe we took this too far
I went in headfirst, never thinkin' about who what I said hurt
In what verse, my mom probably got it the worst
The brunt of it, but as stubborn as we are, did I take it too far?
"Cleanin' Out My Closet" and all them other songs
But regardless, I don't hate you ‘cause, Ma
You're still beautiful to me, ‘cause you're my mom
Though far be it from you to be calm
Our house was Vietnam, Desert Storm
And both of us put together could form an atomic bomb
Equivalent to chemical warfare
And forever we could drag this on and on
But agree to disagree, that gift for me
Up under the Christmas tree don't mean shit to me
You're kicking me out? It's 15 degrees and it's Christmas Eve
"Little prick, just leave!" Ma, let me grab my fuckin' coat
Anything to have each other's goats
Why we always at each other's throats?
Especially when Dad, he fucked us both
We're in the same fuckin' boat
You'd think that'd make us close 
Further away it drove us, but together, headlights shine
And a car full of belongings, still got a ways to go
Back to grandma's house – it's straight up the road
And I was the man of the house
The oldest, so my shoulders carried the weight of the load
Then Nate got taken away by the state at eight years old
And that's when I realized you were sick
And it wasn't fixable or changeable
And to this day we remain estranged, and I hate it though, but—
I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on
Maybe we took this too far
‘Cause to this day we remain estranged, and I hate it though
‘Cause you ain't even get to witness your grandbabies grow
But I'm sorry, Momma, for "Cleanin' Out My Closet"
At the time I was angry, rightfully? Maybe so
Never meant that far to take it though
‘Cause now I know it's not your fault, and I'm not making jokes
That song I no longer play at shows
And I cringe every time it's on the radio
And I think of Nathan being placed in a home
And all the medicine you fed us
And how I just wanted you to taste your own
But now the medication's taking over
And your mental state's deteriorating slow
And I'm way too old to cry, the shit is painful though
But, Ma, I forgive you, so does Nathan, yo
All you did, all you said, you did your best to raise us both
Foster care, that cross you bear
Few may be as heavy as yours, but I love you, Debbie Mathers
Oh, what a tangled web we have ‘cause
One thing I never asked was
Where the fuck my deadbeat dad was
Fuck it, I guess he had trouble keepin' up with every address
But I'da flipped every mattress, every rock and desert cactus
Owned a collection of maps
And followed my kids to the edge of the atlas
If someone ever moved 'em from me
That you coulda bet your asses
If I had to come down the chimney, dressed as Santa, kidnap 'em
And although one has only met their grandma once
You pulled up in our drive one night
As we were leavin' to get some hamburgers
Me, her and Nate, we introduced you, hugged you
And as you left I had this overwhelming sadness
Come over me as we pulled off to go our separate paths
And I saw your headlights as I looked back
And I'm mad I didn't get the chance to
Thank you for being my mom and my dad
So, Mom, please accept this as a tribute
I wrote this on the jet, I guess I had to get this off my chest
I hope I get the chance to lay it 'fore I'm dead
The stewardess said to fasten my seatbelt, I guess we're crashin'
So, if I'm not dreamin', I hope you get this message that
I'll always love you from afar, ‘cause you're my mom
I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on
Maybe we took this too far
I want a new life 
One without a cause 
So I'm coming home tonight
Well, no matter what the cost
And if the plane goes down
Or if the crew can't wake me up
Well, just know that I'm alright
I was not afraid to die
Oh, even if there's songs to sing
Well, my children will carry me
Just know that I'm alright
I was not afraid to die
Because I put my faith in my little girls
So I never say goodbye cruel world
Just know that I'm alright
I am not afraid to die
I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on
Maybe we took this too far
I want a new life
My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
]
Dear Slim, I wrote you, but you still ain't callin'
I left my cell, my pager and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not've got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin'
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways, fuck it, what's been up, man? How's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her?
I'ma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie too, I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this every day, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus too, that shit was phat
Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan
My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
]
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad, I just think it's fucked up you don't answer fans
If you didn't want to talk to me outside the concert
You didn't have to
But you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother, man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blisterin' cold
For you, for four hours, and you just said no
That's pretty shitty, man, you're like his fuckin' idol
He wants to be just like you, man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to
Remember when we met in Denver?
You said if I'd write you, you would write back
See, I'm just like you in a way: I never knew my father neither
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're sayin' in your songs
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
‘Cause I don't really got shit else
So that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See, everything you say is real, and I respect you ‘cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous ‘cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you, Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growin' up
You gotta call me, man
I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose, sincerely yours, Stan
P.S. We should be together too
My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
]
Dear Mr. I'm-Too-Good-to-Call-or-Write-My-Fans
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months, and still no word — I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sendin' you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doin' 90 on the freeway
Hey, Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air of the Night"
About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drownin'
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is: you coulda rescued me from drownin'
Now it's too late, I'm on a thousand downers now, I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I loved you, Slim, we coulda been together — think about it!
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep
And you scream about it; I hope your conscience eats at you
And you can't breathe without me
See, Slim— shut up, bitch! I'm tryin' to talk
Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin' in the trunk
But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see, I ain't like you
‘Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shit, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this shit out?!
My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner, but I just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph
For your brother; I wrote it on a Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too?
I say that shit just clownin', dawg, come on, how fucked up is you?
You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counselin'
To help your ass from bouncin'
Off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter
I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin' just fine
If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you, but Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand
That I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news
A couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk
And she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about it, his name was… it was you, damn
Something's burning, I can't figure out what 
It's either lust or a cloud of dust
Judgement is clouded; must
Just be the powder from the power of 
But I'm in something I don't know how to get out of
Left my girl in the house alone
Is that my soon-to-be-spouse’s moan?
And the further I walk, the louder
Pause for a minute to make certain that's what I heard
‘Cause after all, this is her place
So I give her the benefit of the doubt, I
Think I might be about to bust her, bust her
The thought's scary, yo, though and it hurts – brace
Hope it ain't, "Here we go, yo!"
‘Cause my head already goes to worst-case
Scenario, though in the first place
But you confirmed my low end theory though
Shoulda known when I made it all the way to third base
And that was only the first date
Coulda made it to home plate
But you slid straight for the dome and dove face first
"No  you don't  under  stand
I  don't  do this for anyone ever."
Yeah, that ain't what they all say
I'll say, you can suck a softball through a straw
Used to be my fiancé
'Til you sucked on Wayne, André, and Kanye
LeBron, Akon, Jay, Lil Jon, Raekwon, Ma$e
Polow Tha Don, Dre, Dante Ross, James Conway, Kwame
Guess I'm gettin' my g-goddang Jigga on, eh?
‘Cause your name, I'm beyond sayin'
But fuck it, I'm movin' on, you women are all cray
But I'll probably always keep on playin'—
The game of love, love, love, love
La-la-la-la-la love
She doesn't love me, no, she don't love me no more
She hates my company, yeah, she don't love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door
She screamed she loved me like she never did before
And I told her: (Go where you wanna go!
Go do whatcha want to do – I don't care!)
And I told her: (Go where you wanna go!
Go do whatcha want to do – I don't care!)
I told that bitch I'm a sucker for love, you a sucker for dick
Suckin' dick in your momma tub, then your granny walked in
Told the stupid nigga to duck under the water
He drowned, like an abortion
They booked you for manslaughter
You beat the case and I called ya
"Sherane is not available now, leave a message at the tone
And Kendrick, don't forget to buy two pair of those
Expensive heels, you little fuckin' Ferris Wheel
Fuckin' spinnin' on me – fuck you think, we gon' get married still?
Fuckin' Mary had a little lamb, this ain't no fairy tale
Fairy godmomma better tell you how I fuckin' feel
Like you should fuckin' beat it
Or fuckin' eat it while I'm on my period
Now have a blessed day." Bitch, you serious?
I'm in the mirror with this look on my face, curious
Why you ain't fuckin' with me, you cut me deep as a Caesarean
You know I want you bad as a Benjamin, I'm delirious
I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman
After the Dillinger hit him diligently and killin' him
His mouthpiece for a Cadillac emblem
That's analogy and metaphor for you
I should win a medal for all the ways I adore you
This is me talkin' cordial, yeah, I got some home trainin'
That ain't what you like, ain't it?
What about if I was as famous as Marshall?
Would you give fellatio in the carpool?
Cops pull us over, they just wanna know if you gargle
Singing, "I hope she's good enough"
Meanwhile you're chasin' her
Chlamydia couldn't even get rid of her
Pity the fool and pity the fool in me, I'ma live with the—
The game of love, love, love, love
La-la-la-la-la love
She doesn't love me, no, she don't love me no more
She hates my company, yeah, she don't love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door
She screamed she loved me like she never did before
And I told her: (Go where you wanna go!
Go do whatcha want to do – I don't care!)
And I told her: (Go where you wanna go!
Go do whatcha want to do – I don't care!)
So needless to say I'm feelin' betrayed
Snatch my house key off her key chain
She jumps off Wee-Bey from The Wire's dick
Now she's chasin' me with a cheese grater
Here goes that broken record cliché
It's all my fault anyway, she's turning the tables, I'm a beat-break
She treats my face like Serato, she cuts and scratches like a DJ
Each day is an Instant Replay
They say what we display is symptomatic of addict behavior
Back together but forgot today was her b-day
She cut me off on the freeway
Simple misunderstanding, but just as I went to slam on the brakes
That's when I realized that she may be as crazy as me, wait
Bitch cut my fuckin' brakeline
Stepped on them fuckers eight times
Still goin' 73, thank God there's an exit comin' up
What the mother F-U-C-K's wrong with her?
Hit the off ramp 'til I coasted to a goddamn halt
Hit a fuckin' tree, now here she comes at full speed
She's racing at me, okay, you wanna fuck with me, eh?
Snatch the bitch out her car through the window
She screamin', I body slam her on the cement
Until the concrete gave and created a sinkhole
Buried this stink ho in it, then pay to have the street repaved
 Woke up in a dream state
In a cold sweat like I got hit with a freeze ray during a heat wave
Guess I eventually caved though, ‘cause she's laying next to me in bed – directly aiming a gat at my head
Woke up again and jumped up
Like, "Fuck it! I've had it, I'm checkin' into rehab."
I confess I'm a static addict, I guess that's why I'm so clingy
Every girl I've ever had either says I got too much baggage
Or I'm too fuckin' dramatic
Man, what the fuck is the matter? I'm just a fuckin' romantic
I fuckin' love you, you fuckin' bitch!
Combative, possessive, in fact last time I was mad at an ex
I actually set off a chain reaction of tragic events
I said, "Hit the road" and after she left
I sent that bitch a text, I said, "Be careful driving
Don't read this and have an accident"
She glanced to look at it and wrecked
Too bad, thought we had a connect
No sense dwelling makes, never been a more compelling case
Than the model covered in L'Oreal and mace
Who fell from grace eleven stories for storytelling
While the whore was yelling, "Rape!"
'Til her vocal cords were swelling
And her voice were more hoarser than Tori Spellings' face
Still they swarm the gates and my fancy estates
To greet Norman Bates with a warm embrace
Unless you're Andrea Yates, don't ask me for a date
Don't be late, well, the sentiment's great
But wait, think there's been a mistake
You wanted an intimate date, I wanna intimidate
I have infinite hate in my blood
It's mainly because of the game of— 
"Wait, dinner at eight?", I have infinite hate in my blood
It's mainly because of the game of—
Love, love, love, love
L-l, l-l-l-love
May I have your attention, please?
May I have your attention, please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here
Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam like Tommy just burst in the door
And started whoopin' her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, throwin' her over furniture {Aww!}
It's the return of the "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
And Dr. Dre said… nothing, you idiots!
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement 
Feminist women love Eminem
"Chicka, chicka, chicka, Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him, walkin' around, grabbin' his you-know-what
Flippin' the you-know-who," "Yeah, but he's so cute though."
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose
But can't, but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
"My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course they're gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They've got the Discovery Channel, don't they?
We ain't nothin' but mammals—well, some of us, cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus, and it goes—
I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records
Well, I do, so fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?"
Why, so you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee."
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups
All you do is annoy me, so I have been sent here to destroy you
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
And just might be the next best thing, but not quite me
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
I'm like a head trip to listen to, ‘cause I'm only givin' you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your livin' room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all
And I don't gotta be false or sugarcoat it at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it, I just shit it
Better than 90% of you rappers out can
Then you wonder: "How can
Kids eat up these albums like Valiums?"
It's funny, ‘cause at the rate I'm going, when I'm 30
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurse's asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
And I'm jerking, but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King, spittin' on your onion rings
Or in the parking lot, circling, screaming, "I don't give a fuck!"
With his windows down and his system up
So will the real Shady please stand up
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?
I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
Ha ha, I guess there’s a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let’s all stand up!